[NARRATOR] Long before
the hero of Ente Isla
-had taken her first breath.
-[grunts]
Constant massacres
left the soil of the demon realm
-under a blanket of crimson
blood. -[demons screech]
After the ancient king's
demise,
demonkind was left
without a unifying force.
Living became surviving.
In a lawless world
of fear and violence,
they were left
without a choice.
[LAILAH]
In my opinion...
the idea there is one "paradise"
is rather suspect.
Many might disagree,
but I find the red
that paints this land beautiful.
♪
Ah. [gasping]
[MAOU]
But red is so scary.
Those lights. You fear
not the color they boldly paint?
Would you like me to tell you
this color's name?
Mm-hm.
Then I shall teach you
about the world in full.
This requires a willingness
to look past
your aversion to red
and see a different
side to the color.
Tell me, what is your name?
Satan.
It suits you well.
Prepare yourself
as I bestow the knowledge
of the world unto you.
Knowledge
that will empower you
to find the beauty
in your once fear-clouded red.
That color shining from above
is called...
[MAOU]
This is freakin' sick!
We're rocking
automatic faucets?
No way. And we've gone tankless
in the toilet department?
These bad boys
will be way easier to clean.
-Plus a motion sensor?
-[sensor whirring]
No more pissy lids
around here!
The bathrooms are great,
but it just gets better.
Don't waste
all your excitement.
This ain't nothing!
[KISAKI] The booths were
recovered in muted colors
to evoke the look
of expensive leather.
All the new furnishings
have a simpler,
more understated look.
We switched out
the old burger griddles
for the latest model.
And now, we have
three instead of two!
And now, the pièce de resistance
the world's been waiting for:
our second-floor café space.
MgCafé!
Happy place!
It doesn't look
like MgR's at all!
And I mean that in
a classy, good way!
The space itself is
way more refined,
but it still has that same,
chilled-out MgRonald's feeling!
It's not fair that
you got to go see it without me!
I'm still waiting
for a shift assignment.
If you don't mind
my asking, Sire,
what's the true difference
between this "MgCafé"
and the standard MgRonald's?
Come on. The answer
is right in the name.
Coffee, and lots
of it! It's a ton.
We've got café au lait,
latte, espressos.
There'll be some
new snacks, too!
Fancy café cakes and stuff!
Whoa, intense.
Could you remind me
of the difference between
a café au lait
and a latte?
Yeah, sure!
It's pretty simple.
You see, café au laits
are loaded up with milk,
and lattes are loaded up with...
Milk. Hey, wait a sec.
So, they're both coffee-flavored
milk, how thrilling.
[MAOU]
How dare you?
You've got
no respect for the
carefully
curated café vibe!
Ah! You wretch!
You know good and well
that "he who finishes
always replenishes!"
Lay off, Mom.
There's still some tea left.
Hey, yo. Haagen-Desse.
That creamed ice
was a gift from Miss Sasaki!
At least thank her
before you destroy it!
And once you've
finished your treat,
rinse the container prior
to throwing it away!
Lest you want to attract more
Blattella germa--
[EMI] Though they once fought
grand wars,
now our petty demon generals
prefer tiny squabbles.
Oh, great. Would it really kill
you to knock?
Hi, Chi-mi! Dada!
Hey there, Alas Ramus!
We're going to borrow Chiho
for a while, okay?
[MAOU] What do you mean
"borrow," creep?
How curious.
Didn't you spirit her off
somewhere yesterday, as well?
It's known as "girl
talk". Fret not.
Why don't you look for something
on TV to watch with the kiddo?
-Dada!
-How goes it, short stack?
Chi and the others
are gonna be busy for a bit.
So you get to hang with me!
[Alas, Emi chuckle]
[door slams]
♪
I can't tell. Is Mister Maou
getting suspicious?
I hate using Alas
Ramus as a decoy.
But with a baby in his hands,
he won't notice anything else.
Knowing the two of them,
I fear Aliciel is the one
who will start asking questions.
You'll pay for what you've done!
Angy!
Yeah, nice, he looks
angry for sure.
Two days now.
-Doesn't that strike you as odd?
-Hm?
[MAOU]
Hm? What do you mean?
Their "girl talks".
They've had them two days
in a row now.
Strange, yes?
Hey, I'm not complaining.
Whatever they're doing
in there,
it means we get extra time
with Baby Smith Apple.
They call it "talk," though
I suspect more than mere chat.
♪
Hm?
[URUSHIHARA] Her heroic highness
will beat your ass
if she finds out you
eavesdropped on them.
Shh!
Ah!
Well, spill.
It seems they're watching
Okorinbo, too.
Intense choice of soundtrack.
-Weird, huh?
-Silence!
The "talk" has commenced.
Bath.
Blood bath? No choice?
"Bloodbath?"
Who the heck do they think
they're fighting?
Before too long,
the frequency of our meetings
will make it hard
to keep them in the dark.
We should devise a cover story
while we still can.
Who's in the dark?
Cover story?
What could they
be talking about?
-[Alas giggles]
-Well, cutie,
you heard anything juicy?
[OKORINBO, ALAS] And prepare to
pay with your lives!
They've exited the room.
Bet they're taking their convo
to a restaurant or something.
Chill. Whatever's going on,
no way Chi would betray us.
Let 'em do their thing.
I shall keep an eye on them.
C'mon, don't be a weirdo!
-[door closes]
-Eh, let him do his thing.
♪
What could be inside
that mysterious baggage?
♪
[gasps]
[crow cawing]
Damned corners!
-[phone rings]
-Uh?
Uh, hello?
[ASHIYA] Hello, have I reached
Miss Suzuki's phone?
Oh! Uh! Hi, Ashiya!
So, you calling for a reason,
or just to chat?
[ASHIYA] If you don't mind,
I'd like to ask you
for a potentially sensitive
piece of information.
I don't!
Please, feel free to ask away!
No luck.
They gave me the slip.
Desperate for information,
I called Miss Suzuki
to ask if Emilia
had been exhibiting
any strange behavior
as of late.
But much like my first mission,
nothing came of it.
Stalking a group of chicks
wasn't your brightest move.
But, Sire. The "talk".
What's worse,
is you probably got
poor Rika's hopes up
with that call of yours.
Dumb.
I'm a big ol' dumb dummy
for expecting anything.
[EMI]
Alas Ramus! We're back!
[MAOU]
Hold up. Where's Chi?
At her place.
And I walked her all the way
home, so don't even worry.
-He-he.
-Mama!
Hey there, sweetie.
Have you been a good girl?
I watch Angry Bo!
Me and Dada.
[MAOU] So, where
were you for so long?
Just around.
So, your girlish gossip couldn't
be contained in Bel's room?
It's super musty
in this place.
Plus, we found
a swanky new pasta shop.
We've been wanting to try it,
so we did.
Why, you!
Must you smear
your exorbitant wealth
in our faces
at every chance?
Next time you gorge yourself,
keep in mind that our dinners
consist of discount cabbage
paired with verge
-of-expiration pork!
Purchased at less than one yen a
gram and seasoned with
but a few sad flakes
of salt and pepper!
How 'bout we don't
advertise our poverty?
It's depressing.
No way Sasazuka's got a pasta
joint you could call swanky.
Not true! Don't undersell
our glorious town!
Now tell it that you're sorry!
[dog barks]
Emilia's clearly
hiding something.
But what could be her endgame?
I don't think
that there's any sinister plot.
I bet she's just taking
her mind off things.
What things?
You remember.
I doubt that new info Gabriel
gave her is easy to shake off.
Emilia's daddio?
Man is alive and kickin'.
All I did was tell her so.
Taking you down was, like, the
chick's whole mission in life.
Maybe they're brainstorming.
Y'know, finding her
a new purpose and crap.
I wouldn't say it
quite like that,
but that's what
I'm thinking.
Well, Chi and I are both
on the first shift tomorrow.
Maybe she'll spill
me some beans.
[CHIHO] Thank you for dining
with us, sir!
Are you feeling okay?
Sounds like your volume controls
went kablooey.
Ah! Gosh, was I being too loud?
I didn't know.
Hey. After we're done here,
do you wanna go talk somewhere?
You mean like a date? Yeah!
That sounds fun!
Though, you kinda caught me
on a busy day.
Whatcha up to tomorrow?
If you're free,
maybe we could hang out then.
I hear there's a new swanky
pasta place.
We have something neat
like that in Sasazuka?
Man. I wish I could go,
but I'm busy then, too.
Mm.
[bell rings]
[sighs]
[ASHIYA]
Surprise, surprise.
What other mom would hand off
their kid to the literal devil?
Dada!
You not bringing Chi
this time?
We don't hang out
every day, y'know.
Only two girls are required
for a girl talk,
so Emilia shall suffice.
See ya. And try not to drop
the baby, bucko.
Tail 'em.
Just leave it to me,
Your Majesty.
Agent Ashiya at your service.
-[URUSHIHARA] Dumb plan.
-Hm?
You've gotta move past this
old school crap, you geezer.
Ah!
♪
This is so overboard.
I haven't uninstalled the
tracker I used in Nagano yet.
And if you've got it,
flaunt it, right?
Flaunt away, Urushihara!
Does this convince you
that I have value
and am more than
just a moocher?
You moochie! Moosh!
Yeah.
Ah?
-Look, they stopped.
-That place.
[ASHIYA, MAOU]
The bathhouse?
This is where I
lost them before.
I assumed that
they had slipped away
from me down
one of these streets.
To think that
they were in the bathhouse
that lies before my very eyes.
But they don't have any reason
to be sneaky
about a bathhouse, right?
Time to kick back, relax,
and blow some money on Jungle.
Moochy! Moo!
You ain't seen anything yet,
baby face.
I'm gonna teach you
what real moochin' looks like.
-[bell rings]
-[BOTH] Hm?
-[electricity zaps]
-[both groan]
-My lord! It seems--
-Yeah.
They put up a legit barrier.
[phone rings]
This better be good!
[URUSHIHARA] Don't freak,
but we've got trouble.
It's a message.
Straight from the land lady.
[groans]
[URUSHIHARA] It's not just a
tape this time. We've got a DVD.
Our first digital screening.
This should be a joyous
occasion.
Why do I feel so
racked with fear?
Come on, man. You know why.
[all gasping]
[birds chirping]
-Is that...
-The Amazon?
Why the Amazon?
Hello there, boys.
I hope you darlings
are doing well.
I'm terribly sorry that job
I sent you off on fell through.
My niece's schedule
got in the way,
but I'm sure you young people
relate to the--
Wait, who's her niece?
Miss Amane, dude.
You know, from the
beach in Choshi?
Right. Now it's coming back.
This might not make up
for that awful inconvenience,
but would you strapping young
men be so kind
as to weed the backyard for me?
This will be your payment.
If you're willing, I'll deduct
it directly from your rent.
Thank you in
advance, my darlings.
[ASHIYA] I appreciate
the fifteen-thousand yen, but...
[MAOU] She paused an Amazonian
expedition to ask for lawn care?
[URUSHIHARA] I'm just glad
this video was safe for work.
So, she wants us to weed?
[gasps]
Perfect! We can use this!
Hm?
♪
Screw this sun.
I agreed to some light weeding,
not melting to death.
I'll admit, this is harder labor
than I anticipated.
I feel awful that you got stuck
helping us, Chi.
It's okay.
I'm always down to help you
guys, that's why I offered!
Thanks for your skills, Suz.
Environmental tidiness
falls on the whole community.
[ALAS RAMUS]
Dada!
[giggles]
Hey! Look who it is!
Oh, hi! What's up?
What's up with you?
You know it's boiling
out here, right?
Dost thou have eyes?
We're weeding!
It seems we finished
just in time.
We ready to go, girls?
I guess we should
get going, too.
Uh? You're leaving?
Yeah.
We're gonna clean up
at the bath house.
[gasps]
Crazy!
You were planning a bath, too?
What a hilarious coincidence!
Maybe we should skip today.
We can't go on this way.
We've stretched the wool far too
thin to pull over their eyes.
Hey, what is that
supposed to mean?
Uh, just girl talk stuff.
Mama and Dada! With me!
Hey, don't get the wrong idea,
cutie patootie.
Mama and Dada can't bathe
together with you.
Three adults, please.
[TOYO] Yes, ma'am.
-Thanks.
-Dada too!
Sorry, hun. Dadas aren't allowed
on this side.
A moment, Maou.
Of course. What's up?
That your wife?
You could say
she's my baby mama.
Mm.
We're the first
folks here again!
Perfect.
It's training time, girls.
Choo-choo!
Yay! I'm ready
to do this thing!
Training?
It sounds like it,
but for what?
♪
[SUZUNO]
To begin, drink this.
'Kay!
What do you think
she's drinking?
Ooh! Perhaps that
coffee-flavored milk!
Bringing in outside drinks
is a big no-no!
Damn, not a no-no.
That and, what training
requires coffee-flavored milk?
-MgCafé!
-I think not.
-Heavens.
-They always get me.
[SUZUNO] Uh! How can our
compositions be so different?
My nutrition is just as good.
[EMI] Think about it
for a second, Bel!
Those things would be
a huge nuisance in battle.
[SUZUNO] You're right.
Noncombatants can afford
such luxuries.
Noncombatants what?
-A nuisance in battle?
-I'm big-time lost.
[sighs]
-[bell ringing]
-[CHIHO] Is something wrong?
Look in the mirror
and take a guess.
Hm?
It's not a concern.
Let us proceed.
Your vital signs
appear to be stable.
-Any changes in your condition?
-Nuh-uh!
No need to be nervous.
Just relax and breathe normally.
That's why we're at the bath,
after all.
It's time to begin.
We'll start with
waterfall training.
Waterfall!
Waterfall training
for a MgCafé job?
I'm telling you,
this isn't about MgCafé.
Who cares? How could they even
do that in a bathhouse?
I have your answer, Sire.
-[MAOU] Hm?
-With those!
♪
All right.
That should be plenty for now.
Next, you'll need to get
into a lukewarm bath.
[CHIHO]
Right!
♪
[EMI]
Nice.
Relax, and put your focus
onto that little spot
where the water from the shower
was hitting your head.
Imagine a celestial force
starting there,
and flowing through your body
to the tips of your toes.
[groaning softly]
Good.
You're doing well.
Now open your eyes and sit up.
This is when I do that thing
we worked on, right?
That's correct.
Our techniques give form
to a mental image.
Though, trust me.
I know the activation of
celestial force
can be difficult
to imagine.
Thus, we vocalize.
Like how Bel says,
"Light of Iron".
Or like how I say,
"Divine Boots of Light".
To make your image concrete,
just say it out loud!
Jeez. What's the big deal
with this celestial force crap?
All you could use in here is
"Divine Towel".
Bloodbath was bathhouse, huh?
-That's it, I'm going in.
-I warn you against it, Sire!
Take one naked step
onto the female's territory,
and the police will
be called at once!
Don't think it matters
if his step is naked or not.
-[MAOU] Get off me, Ashiya!
-It's for the best, Sire!
No need to worry,
Good Chiho.
-They can't do anything here.
-[MAOU] No more spy crap--
Not so long
as we're in the women's bath.
I put up a strong barrier.
I can make sure the front desk
alady is still asleep
if that'll make you
feel better.
Cry out with all your might.
Since you're merely activating
the force, any words will do.
Shout them
with your full chest.
Release them out
into the world.
But, what if Mister Maou
can hear me yelling?
Overcoming humiliation
greatly intensifies
psychological release.
With Maou just beyond that wall,
I suspect
our training session today will
be more effective than usual.
Ah! Huh?
[Chiho yelling]
Crap! That's Chi!
I'm begging you
to come to your senses, my lord!
Get caught,
and you'll be branded
a pervert
the rest of your days!
[grunts] Well, in that case...
Moocher! Get over there!
You better quit acting like
I'm the obvious candidate
for pervert-hood around here!
[yelling]
Let it bellow from your soul!
[Chiho yelling]
[SUZUNO]
Good, that's the spirit!
-[MAOU] Pipe down!
-[ALAS RAMUS] Dada!
Aw, come on, baby
girl, not you, too!
[Chiho yelling]
Make them stop, Emi!
I don't know
what you're up to,
but I can't tolerate disturbers
of the peace!
[EMI] I'll explain later,
just ignore it, okay?
[CHIHO] May I take your order,
ma'am?
[SUZUNO] One MgDouble,
extra loud!
-This has gone too far!
-[ALAS RAMUS] Dada!
Keep MgDouble's name
out your mouth!
Wait! My lord!
Ahh!
[grunts]
[MAOU] Emi!
Fess up, what the hell
are you two doing to Chi?
You can't tell?
Technically speaking,
I guess we didn't use that much.
Much what?
You're shooting
yourself in the foot.
It might be fun and games
right now, but next time
there's a battle,
you're gonna waste forces
protecting a soldier
who can't fight.
Good grief,
of course, we're not.
And Chiho knows that,
trust me.
This whole thing
was her idea.
She just wants
the ability to warn us
if she finds herself
in an emergency situation.
Warn us, huh? You mean...
[EMI] Yeah. Idea linking.
When Sariel kidnapped her,
he took her phone so she would
be completely cut off from us.
It makes sense.
So, Chi.
If a crisis like
that happens again,
she doesn't want to cause you
any more trouble than necessary.
She's doing all
this to help you.
Please know, the good Chiho
spent several days
thinking over this path
before proceeding.
[ALAS]
All done yelling?
I ask that you
respect her wishes.
I just want to help.
Yeah, I know.
When this blows
up, I told ya so.
You want this?
You're sure?
Yeah, 'cause now, I won't get
in your way or drag you down.
Not as much as I
have before, anyway.
I need to make sure
I can always escape.
And if I can't,
then at the very least,
I'll be able to help
you guys help me.
[ALAS]
Uh-oh!
Come on, Chi.
We're monsters
from another world.
You can leave all the
responsibility to us.
Besides, we got you mixed up
in this great big mess.
So, it's our job
to pull you out.
She's not the type
to let you carry her burden.
Especially since
there's a way to lighten it.
She doesn't want power
so she can leap into danger,
but to stay safe for us.
I find that very touching.
[CHIHO] Thank you very,
very much for today.
[EMI] You'll get some practical
experience next time.
-I, uh...
-Hm?
Have something to report!
Or, um, it's just
possibly something
that I really think
you ought to know about.
Well, whatever it is,
report away, private.
It's just... Whoever it was
that was living inside my body?
They left some
memories behind.
I have this clear
image of a big man.
He seems like a nice,
middle-aged guy
with a beard
and a short-ish ponytail.
-He's in a golden field.
-A what?
[CHIHO]
Of rice?
Is there any chance that golden
field might actually be wheat?
I suppose it could be.
The man speaks to me, too.
Even though he
only says one word.
"Aciethalla".
"Aciethalla?"
Does that mean anything
special to you?
No. I'm sorry.
It doesn't.
♪
But if you really have
such a vivid memory of that man,
the person in your body
had to have been...
♪
It's late. What's wrong?
Nothing much.
We made the right call,
didn't we?
♪